=== file-0 ===
question_start: 1. ( $8$ points) Assume th
question_type: Numerical
sub_questions_independent: None

question_start: 2. (12 points) Consider the fol
question_type: Numerical
sub_questions_independent: false

question_start: 3. (15 points) Consider exampl
question_type: Numerical
sub_questions_independent: false

question_start: 4. (9 points)
question_type: Theory
sub_questions_independent: false

question_start: 5. (14 points) Assume we want
question_type: Numerical
sub_questions_independent: true

question_start: 6. (11 points) Consider traini
question_type: Numerical
sub_questions_independent: None

question_start: 7. (11 points) Consider the fo
question_type: Numerical
sub_questions_independent: None

question_start: 8. (20 points) Provide short
question_type: Short Answer
sub_questions_independent: true

=== file-1 ===
question_start: 1. True or False ( 10 pts)
question_type: True/False
sub_questions_independent: true

question_start: 2. Short Answers 1 ( 10 pts)
question_type: Short Answer
sub_questions_independent: false

question_start: 3. Short Answers 2 (10 pts)
question_type: Short Answer
sub_questions_independent: false

question_start: 4. Clustering (10 pts)
question_type: Theory
sub_questions_independent: false

question_start: 5. Link Analysis (10 pts)
question_type: Theory
sub_questions_independent: false

question_start: 6. SVM (10 pts)
question_type: Theory
sub_questions_independent: false

question_start: 7. Evaluation (12 pts)
question_type: Theory
sub_questions_independent: false

question_start: 8. Vector Space Models (8 
question_type: Numerical
sub_questions_independent: false

question_start: 9. Ranking (8 pts)
question_type: Numerical
sub_questions_independent: false

question_start: 10. Index Construction (12
question_type: Theory
sub_questions_independent: false

=== file-2 ===
question_start: 1. (13 points) Assum  
question_type: Numerical  
sub_questions_independent: true  

question_start: 2. (14 points) Assume th  
question_type: Numerical  
sub_questions_independent: false  

question_start: 3. (11 points) Assume in  
question_type: Numerical  
sub_questions_independent: None  

question_start: 4. (12 points) Assuming  
question_type: Numerical  
sub_questions_independent: None  

question_start: 5. (11 points) Consider  
question_type: Theory  
sub_questions_independent: None  

question_start: 6. (18 points) Consider  
question_type: Numerical  
sub_questions_independent: true  

question_start: 7. (21 points) Provide  
question_type: Short Answer  
sub_questions_independent: true

=== file-3 ===
question_start: Problem 1 - Positional Indexes 
question_type: Theory
sub_questions_independent: false

question_start: Problem 2 - Dictionary Storage C
question_type: Numerical
sub_questions_independent: true

question_start: Problem 3 - Postings Compression 
question_type: Numerical
sub_questions_independent: true

question_start: Problem 4 - Tolerant Retrieval 
question_type: Short Answer
sub_questions_independent: true

question_start: Problem 5 - Vector Space Model 
question_type: Numerical
sub_questions_independent: true

